Okay, I was wrong.
This is indeed what the piggy did wrong.
I asked him to apologize to the little girl
What do you think?
If my father had a job under his authority
He saw his only daughter being sent to prison
I don't think he can see
would rather
Look at the breakup between our two families after so many years of relationship
You spared happiness this time
I will definitely discipline him strictly in the future
Promise not to let him do any more harm
4 small things
What do you think?
Next time
I will definitely send him in with my own hands
Brother Yuan, I knew I was wrong.
little
What's wrong, little one?
Are you okay uncle?
Why is this happening?
It's all right.
Is everything okay?
Uncle, I really don't know what to do anymore
Why is the child his?
But
But I don't want anything to do with him
I don't want this child anymore